# PlayBack-Processor

## Project Overview

PlayBack-Processor is a PyQt5-based graphical user interface tool designed for playback of `.bag` files generated by OrbbecViewer 1.x and converting image sequences to video. It features a clean interface and easy operation, making it suitable for users who need to visualize playback data and export videos.

## Features

- **.bag File Playback**: Select and play .bag files for convenient data visualization.
- **Image to Video Conversion**: Choose an image folder, set the frame rate and output file name, and export to mp4 video with one click.

## Installation & Running

1. **Environment Requirements**

   - Python 3.7+
   - PyQt5
   - OpenCV (cv2)
   - pyorbbecsdk

   Install dependencies:
   ```
   pip install PyQt5 opencv-python
   ```

2. **Install the `pyorbbecsdk`**.
    
    Follow [pyorbbecsdk](https://github.com/orbbec/pyorbbecsdk) to install the necessary dependencies.

3. **Run the Application**

   ```
   python main.py
   ```


## Usage Instructions

### 1. Playback .bag Files

- After launching the program, switch to the "Playback" tab.
- Click "Open .bag File" to select the file you want to play.
- Click "Start Playback" to begin playing the data.
- Use the "Pause", "Resume", and "Stop" buttons to control playback.
- You can choose a folder to save playback results.

### 2. Image to Video

- Switch to the "Image to Video" tab.
- Click "Choose Image Folder" to select the directory containing images.
- Set the frame rate (FPS) and output file name.
- Click "Choose Save Folder" to set the video output path.
- Click "Export Video" to start generating the video. The progress bar will show the progress.

## Package

### **1. Install `PyInstaller`:**
```
pip install pyinstaller
```

### **2. Run the following command:**
```
pyinstaller -w -i assets\icons\app_icon.ico --add-data assets:assets --contents-directory . -n playback-processor main.py
```